I was the one bringing up my dad's
alcoholism and I was the bad one in the
family we all agreed to it including me
that brings up something really
fascinating about the elephant in the
room dynamic because it's so common that
the person who speaks to it feels like
they are doing something wrong and they
are the wrong one and they are the one
causing the problems to the extent that
they believe that they contribute to a
group reality field it's an amazing
Dynamic many years ago I was working in
commercial production uh in the film
industry and there was one job where we
were working with this famous musician
who was publicly going through a lot of
things at the time and so we were all
kind of patiently awaiting their arrival
and wondering how it was going to be you
know we made sure we had the moho set up
nicely we had the right music that we
knew that this person liked and we're
like okay there's a lot of tension and
when this person showed up they just
looked like
death like they looked like they'd been
hit by a
truck and nobody said anything about it
they showed up and everybody was just
really cordial like oh hey hey there how
are you doing welcome to
set and they just walked right through
came into the moho they sat down in the
chair
and there's just silence in the room and
then the makeup artist
comes in and she just walked right up
and she just was like oh wow well you
just look like [__] don't you and
immediately immediately all the tension
in the room just dropped and he just
relieved was just like oh God thank you
yeah yeah I feel like absolute
[__] and that just changed everything
just speaking to that obvious
truth that nobody was speaking to
really dropped in the whole the whole
day so so yeah for today's episode I
want to talk about how to talk about the
elephant in the room besides there's a
[__] elephant in the room apparently
which is what the makeup artist did
right right just bam here it is but
yeah yeah it can be so easy and yet
there's a million reasons often very
good reasons often just you know fear or
shame there's a million
reasons to be explored and investigated
why the elephant isn't talked about how
we can make a practice of saying the
quiet part out loud in a way that is
constructive and brings us into
connection and addresses the things
we're afraid of by SC by saying the
scary thing without ignoring them yeah
what's interesting about your story is
that often times it's it's far easier to
do what the makeup artist did than to do
the elephant speak to the elephant in
the
room with an alcoholic father for
instance meaning if the if the pattern
has been entrenched over a long period
of time and there are people who you
want to have long-term lasting
relationships with where you're scared
to lose love where there's all this
History built in it becomes harder and
harder to speak to the elephant in the
room
typically than if
it's even a high-powered person that
you've never met before yeah yeah so
tell tell me there there's definitely
some story behind that the alcoholic
father
uh no no
really what's what's your experience
with this my story is a little bit
different right my story is on the other
side of of your story which was that was
my job in the house was to yell about
the elephant in the
room and to be punished for it so
however it worked in my family it was a
I was constantly telling everybody what
the elephant in the room was and I was
making sure I was telling it in a way
that nobody could hear me I was telling
it in a way that was aggravating and to
some degree there was no way for me to
talk about my dad's alcoholism in a way
that wasn't going to be aggravating for
everybody
um of course I wasn't the only elephant
in the room that I spoke about but that
was my job in in the family was to point
to the thing that everybody was ignoring
and to be the problem because of it and
so there is something that you said
which I think is incredibly
important which is there is a way to
speak about the elephant in the room
that's really can help you be far more
productive about
it it can help the whole
situation become something that is
healing and grow and and has a lot of
growth to it the Dilemma is you don't
have full control over that it doesn't
matter how well you process it doesn't
matter how well you speak to it doesn't
matter how well you position it the you
can't control how someone's going to
react to it
and unfortunately antithetically the
more you try to control for the other
person typically the worse it goes so
the the way to do it is far more about
attuning to what's true with
you and a in an open heart then it is
going to be to try to guess how they're
going to react and manage that response
yeah so um I have a number of
Curiosities from what you just said yeah
and I'll bookmark those because I just
want to start with what makes an
elephant what what
causes the elephant to enter the room
and be unspoken too yeah um a false
sense of
Shame false sense
someone feels ashamed and they don't
want to address it because they have a a
sense of Shame around a subject and so
they're avoidant or they get angry which
is another form of avoidance every time
it's brought up there's many methods so
something gets brought up and somebody
avoids somebody gets angry somebody
guilt trips somebody there's all sorts
of methods that make it really
uncomfortable to bring up the subject or
make it so that bringing up the subject
doesn't
work and so they do all that but they do
all that because they think there's
something wrong with them they they feel
ashamed of whatever this thing
is and um and so that deep feeling of
Shame is false and the fact that I
guarantee you whatever was happening to
this Rockstar has happened to 100,000
other people at that exact moment in
time the breakup or the maybe they don't
get newspaper articles written about it
but whatever the thing underneath the
newspaper articles were the failing of a
or a song going bad or a everybody's
hundreds of thousands of people were
experiencing it exactly at that moment
and so and nobody thinks oh they should
all be ashamed of it the shame is always
I should be ashamed of this thing I
should be ashamed that I lie as if
everybody isn't lying on a somewhat
regular basis so that's why I call it a
false sense of
Shame and and because there is that
shame that's not entirely Justified um
because there is that shame that's
happening
happing they don't want to address it
because typically there's a a hump to
climb over when you're dealing with
something that you're ashamed of there's
a moment between healing and addressing
it that feels like [__] and so it's a
little bit like working out there's a
moment between the moment before you go
to the gym to to the end of the workout
where you where there's some struggle
and so doing that jumping over that hump
is something that's prevents people from
doing it often yeah yeah I think in the
case of my example nobody wanted to ruin
the shoot day and the shoot day was
dependent on the performance of this
individual and so nobody wanted to throw
him on tilt and yet he was on tilt that
was what was already happening and
letting letting that just be in the
space letting that be
seen was the beginning of the path to
to him showing up as he was and being
okay with it and ultimately having a
reasonable performance right and how she
did it was a great
lesson in the fact that she was just
very openhearted about it it sounds like
don't you look like [__] it wasn't like
oh my God you [__] you know you're
getting paid like a million dollars to
be here and this is how the [__] you
show up you know it wasn't that right or
oh my God you look like [__] this this
thing is going to go horribly now
exactly it was just like oh yeah cool
you're here and yeah this is this is
what's up great yeah exactly it was very
as a makeup artist I'm here to like help
you fix that right yeah and it's very in
view right it was vulnerable thing for
her to say because she could have been
blamed there was an impartiality about
saying it in the in the fact that she
was saying what was true it wasn't that
she was trying to get them into it this
Rockstar into a different place in that
moment there was empathy with it and
there was Wonder with it like you know
it it it was it was done inside of you
with that very which is another way of
saying very openhearted so how did it
become your job in your family to be the
one to speak to the elant in the room
and how how did that play out for you
I'm imagining that if you spoke to it
directly on a number of occasions you
know whatever family function you were
at would be ruined you might be yelled
at like what was how did you work with
that how did that role develop for you
and how did you work with that with
relationship withe a tangent this is a
bit of a tangent but it's an interesting
one from what I can tell there's this
great um book that I read in college
called the family Crucible I don't even
know if that's in print anymore but it
was a theory of family Dynamics and
basically it said when a marriage was in
trouble that one of the kids would be
the problem that the marriage had to
come around to solve to keep the
marriage and the family together and so
I was I played that
role so there's a way in which I was
pitted against and there was also a way
in which I was rebelling against the
authority naturally so I was just like
yeah I'm not I'm not [__] dealing
with author I had major Authority issues
because of the inconsistency of my
father basically due to the drinking and
so that between those things
got into that role and then the other
piece was that my dad really needed
somebody to fight with you know to
relieve that tension that builds from
alcoholism
and particularly the way that he drank
and and his makeup and so there was a
constantly in need for a fight so when I
was a kid we're talking in seventh grade
we'd be in a yelling match and I'd say
okay fine dad you're right and he'd see
he'd look at me go see I told you you
were
weak he like there was no way for me to
step out of the role you know because it
was very important to him that he got
the fight and so that that's that's how
it all laid out in general I was the
problem that my parents stay Mar stayed
married around that brings up something
really fascinating about the elephant in
the room dynamic because it's so common
that the person who speaks to it feels
like they are doing something wrong and
they are the wrong one and they are the
one causing the problems and like to the
extent sent that they believe that they
contribute to a group reality field of
that being true which recreates the
situation where no one in the group is
allowed to say the thing because it is
associated with being the bad one right
yeah I was I was the one bringing up my
dad's alcoholism and I was the bad one
in the family we all agreed to it
including me and he was the one getting
you know three shots of vodka in before
breakfast and he was not the wrong one
right so it's it's an amazing Dynamic
it's a really really well pointed out
that especially in even if you look at
the situation where nobody was saying to
this Rockstar who was walking in like
you look like [__] because they didn't
want to be the wrong one they didn't
want to be the one that [__] up the
shoot right and that's
typically as if it was their fault for
saying something that was true instead
of the Rockstar's fault for whatever the
Rockstar had done or found themselves in
or didn't postpone the shooter etc etc
etc and it points to the interesting
game of Shame ball the shame Hot Potato
exactly going on under the surface where
this person showed up and he on some
level felt ashamed like I'm bad I'm
wrong for showing up to this
multi-million dollar shoot in in this
kind of a
state and you know many of us I was this
was maybe 15 years ago and I was
relatively new to the scene and I was
like I am not going to be the person to
break the I break this situation but but
man I really feel like we are all like I
really felt like we were all doing it
wrong until until it was until that was
spoken to and it was somebody with much
more experience in the industry than
than me that that said it and and like
you like you pointed out earlier it was
said with love and not with shame yeah
and I that's the critical piece
is that when it's spoken about and it's
met with yeah that's
true
then you move from a dynamic where
everybody thinks they're wrong to a
dynamic where there's something open
that can happen and this is true in a
family and this is true in a business
and this is true in a right hey everyone
the advertising campaign is not [__]
working this sucks we tried really hard
it didn't work we
failed okay now something can be done
something has shifted before that moment
everybody is oh I've done something
wrong because the advertising campaign
isn't working or they've done something
there's a some sort of blame shame cycle
going on and so there's something really
beautiful about finding elephants in the
room especially if people can be
non-defensive like in the love over
defense where they where the person can
just go yep oh [__] yeah I do [__]
look like [__] like imagine what would
have happened in my family of origin if
it was like Dad you're an alcoholic and
my dad was like yep you got a strong
point there son like but I hate this
this sucks I don't like drinking VOD
good in the
morning I need help yeah like so much
would have changed right but that sounds
like that's not what happened and that
sounds like that's that's not what
happens in many situations you know you
might have a company
where uh one of the leadership team has
done
something like unethical or illegal or
or just otherwise outside of the
consensus cultural reality that even
even if they were to receive it with
like oh yeah I totally did that there
would be a major Fallout and
so there's there's the case where
somebody receives it with like oh yeah
totally there's the case where somebody
receives it defens
but then there's maybe even the case
where regardless of how that person
receives it having it spoken into the
into the public realm can have major
consequences and so I'm curious
how how for you in in in the in the role
with your dad how did you progress
from you know you you were describing
earlier how you kind of spoke to it but
didn't speak to it and kind of in this
sideways way that wasn't constructive
how did that Evol evolve over time and
how how' that evolve as a system in the
family with the shame I was pretty
straightforward about it it so it wasn't
too sideways maybe at the very beginning
but pretty soon it was you know very
very straightforward about the drinking
and then there was some sideways things
that I did like Hey Dad he would always
pour vodka with the orange juice and but
it was always very clear every morning
so I would you know
so every morning I would say hey Dad can
I have a sip of the orange juice and
every morning he'd be like
go we had this ritual and so that wasn't
straightforward at all uh but there was
definitely straightforward times I think
generally what I notice in folks is that
as when you're in a when you're not in a
family Dynamic when you're in a a a
a dynamic between adults it's not bring
it up not bring it up not bring it up
not bring it up bring it up bring it up
again see what happens and then either
the relationship is finished or
something is
moved typically that's how it goes in a
normal adult functioning Rel not
non-functional or functional
relationship that's how it goes or I
brought it up a couple times it's gone
nowhere I'm going to live with it so
relationship ends either through I'm
leaving or relationship ends through
we're not talking about that so we're
not really in a
relationship we're not going to talk
about the most important thing so
clearly we're not really in a
relationship we just hang out next to
each other right so and so that's what
my mom did my mom probably brought it up
once or twice and then just said okay
fine this is something I'll live
with and and whereas I was a kid and I
had a rebellion and I had a very
particular thing and you'll see this I
think in companies too people will
either say yeah this is all [__] up
but I got a paycheck and so I'm going to
live with it a little part of their soul
dies when when you do
that and and same in a marriage like you
you're you're basically agreeing to some
level of sense of security in exchange
for being who you
are being your truth and and and
actually having a functional healthy
relationship and so it
sucks the the I think the real question
is how do
you how do you what are some of the ways
to do it that are
really that are have the high likelihood
of
success and that are not trying to
manage the other person because trying
to manage the person who's whose
elephant you're bringing up is not going
to go well right so for instance if you
had the woman the makeup Lady say to
this rock star
oh goodness you know I really hate to
say this but gez I'm gonna I there's
something happen you're not looking so I
don't know please don't be mad at me for
that that would have far more likely
gotten a shitty response then God damn
you don't look good you know the
straightforwardness with it the the not
scared of the attack that fear of the
attack that makes you manage is what
somebody will fight against
yeah so so there's what I'm hearing here
is that there's the there's the shame
under layer where everybody feels like
they're doing something wrong or they'
be doing something even more Wrong by
speaking to what's obvious and there's
also the layer of fear the fear of the
consequences of everything blowing up
and I'm gonna be attacked I'm gonna be
attacked is the fear right everything's
going to blow up and then I'm going to
be attacked which if it was everything
blows up and everybody's happy with me
there's no fear right yeah oh my gosh
I'm going to be the person who says to
this guy that he looks like [__] and
he's going to say you're right and he's
going to walk out and the producer is
going to walk up to me and say I am so
glad you said that to him because it
would have been a really horrible day of
shooting no fear the fear is that
someone's gonna be like what the [__]
did you do that guy's worth [__] $10
million an hour blah blah blah blah blah
or the fear might be that you blow the
whistle and then the giant Corporation
comes and destroys you right either way
punishment yeah there's some form of
punishment that yeah some form of
feeling like you you [__] up yeah and
this is strange but for some reason this
the examples coming to mind of like
Jesus showing up and flipping the tables
in the
market like that wasn't like there's a
way that that was done with love and
there's also a way that that was like
just fire and he got
crucified
ultimately yeah not sure if it was for
that in yeah yeah for for related
behaviors yeah it's an interesting thing
it reminds me of a story of a friend of
mine who you know I'm pretty sure I've
talked about this before but one day we
were sitting in BEDA Bay he looked at me
he just like you know Joe you're a dick
and I was like what no I'm not you know
I pulled my father he's like oh
geez can we not can we not like that's
all unnecessary it's no problem you're
dick like I I love you just the same why
why worry about this just you're a
dick and and it was that same place that
he came from right there was nothing
that he he didn't he wasn't trying to
change me he wasn't moving you know it
might have from the outside maybe
somebody said it's really impartial he
would want me to say that I was a dick
but what was clear was that he was just
going to love me he was openhearted
towards me no matter what even if I sat
there and kept on being
defensive
and so that's the that's the that's the
interesting piece the interesting piece
is that you can say ridiculous stuff if
you can keep an open
heart and and not not buy into the shame
game not buy into the blame game and
maybe you have to play that to three
rounds right what do you mean I look
like [__] do you know who I am yeah I
know but come on you look like [__]
there's no problem we're going to fix it
but gez like you all right I'm I'm
concerned about you as a human this
isn't a personal
thing you you know I it it's like that
there's this great quote that I heard
this morning I don't know Sarah was
telling it to me she' heard it from
somewhere I don't know but it was this
woman and she said something to the
effect of
uh I'm just none of my own goddamn
business whoa that sends me on some
thought Loops yeah but it was that same
thing it it was like I'm not going to
take myself personally it's that same
kind openhearted
I'm not going to take this personally
this isn't personal this is just what is
happening right now I'm not going to buy
into the shame I'm not gonna you know
and it's not my job to figure out where
I'm going to be next I'm going to just
show up and let the whole thing unravel
and observe it I think is the rest of
what this woman was saying that I can
find out what life has to offer I don't
have to be personally responsible for it
and there's just a certain amount of
freedom in that so it's not just an
external thing it's an internal thing
meaning there's an elephant in the room
for us as well right everybody has this
thing that they don't particularly want
to look at so you know if you want to
figure out how to say it really well in
the external world one trick is to learn
how to say it to
yourself and and and see what works
there the other one is to make sure that
you're saying it in a way that you're
proud of so one of the things that I
learned particularly dealing with an
alcoholic is that
the response was going to be different
every day depending on the blood sugar
and how drunk they were and how hung
over they were and a whole bunch of [__]
that I could not control and I didn't
want to
manage so the only place that I had to
go was was was how happy was I in the
way that I brought it
up and that that's what pointed me
originally to the lesson of
open-heartedness because I only felt
good about it when I was openhearted and
that happened to have a better than if I
was acting out of fear and trying to
manage the response I really love that
that piece about the elephant inside of
us because I think the default stance to
seeing an elephant in the room is to
make it about the room about the group
about others and it's often like no
one's talking about this while I'm also
not talking about it you know is the the
argument and and so it's it's
interesting to to see how the internal
journey of speaking to the elephant can
progress from there's something going on
out there and that's wrong and I'm
responsible for fixing it it's my role
in the family it's my job in the
community whatever
and really bringing that back into oh
this is just this is the kind of thing I
won't stand for and the ways that I have
been standing for it I have to be I have
to own those and recognize them and see
them in myself speak to the elephant in
myself
before I'll be ready to
openheartedly stand
for stand for what I see and bring the
depth of that perspective to a group
without trying to enforce another
reality onto it or try to manage it or
control an outcome yeah it goes even
deeper than that um it's actually a
great way to bring up the elephant in
the room is to own the thing about
what's going on with your elephant in
the room so I wasn't able to do this as
a kid but one of the things I could have
done is say oh I'm I'm I noticed that I
keep on playing the role of the person
yelling something's wrong and I don't
want that role
anymore could have been a great way to
talk
about the situation with my
dad or this is what I really want is a
family that where we can love each other
and not fight at the table every
day I can look at the thing that's
happening inside of me find out what
that want is around the situation and
bring that up is another way and there
was something that case debron used to
teach all the time which
is somebody can argue with the fact that
they're a drunk or not a drunk somebody
can argue with the fact that you look
like [__] or you don't look like
[__] or that they look like [__] or they
don't look like [__] they can't really
argue with the fact that you want to be
in a family where people love each other
cuz it's what you want want they can't
argue with what you want and so there's
less of a place for them to be defensive
typically if you take that vulnerable
move and you say
okay what's my elephant and how do I
bring that up in this thing because if
the elephant is
shame is a false sense of Shame and
everybody's feeling like they're doing
something wrong then you've got that
false sense of shame in you and that's
what you can bring up that's how you can
start the
conversation won't work with narcissists
or people with personality disorders but
it'll work with most humans yeah which
of course is a a slippery slip because
people tend to identify anyone that
they're in an argument with as some sort
of Personality Disorder almost
reflexively these days or or vice versa
people will you know instead of
confronting the person instead of saying
the thing that's hard to say they'll
make it all about
them you know I don't want to be mean I
don't want to be rude I don't want to I
don't want to say something that will
hurt them all those excuses that help us
not
be all those excuses that help us be
conflict
avoidant so there's there's dangers on
both sides of it and it's it's a neat
hack for your own personal freedom to
look at what your elephant is in the
room and maybe that's the way to bring
the conversation maybe it's not but it's
a neat trick and it's at the same time
it's getting you clear on what you want
yes which exactly clarifies your
decision- making if you're like I I want
to be in a company where we can be real
about what's going on with the impact of
our products on kids or
something then that might mean you CH
change companies that might mean
you that might mean you go into a
company that actually is going to grow
instead of is shrinking like the one
you're in because you can't talk about
the hard
[__] or on the road to shrinking may
maybe you got a couple years of momentum
left but it ain't going to look good in
a
while yeah yeah and that's the other
thing is when the elephant in the
bringing up the elephant in the room
becomes common place it's just leads to
functionality in a business or not in a
business it's like the Boeing example
that I always talk about where the CEO
of Boeing became the CEO of Ford and
waited for the somebody to come in and
tell them something was wrong because
they had this entire
culture of nobody bringing up the wrong
things because they got punished for it
and then when that person came and said
this is what's wrong he's like coo
promoted them right
away because it's that important to
being able to actually show up with the
[__] problem you're there to solve
instead of bury it under politics and
everything else it's a shame that guy
left Bo then yeah yeah clearly there
there's been some results from that yeah
yeah it's it's an amazing thing that
it's so
rewarding as soon as you see the cycle
as a in a in a as a CEO or in a family
that the freedom on the other side of
the AL in the room you just look for
them you can't wait for them you look
forward to someone bringing them
up I think that's something that you see
in our company when we're working
together is if someone brings up a
problem in general we're stoked about it
occasionally someone brings up a problem
in a way that's really fear-based
and you can see like everybody bristle
and try to figure out how to deal with
it right but in general yeah and I I
want to have an organization where if
somebody brings up something that's
valid and they bring it up fear-based it
can be integrated and heard and
absolutely and while at the same time
we're promoting a culture where things
are brought up with love and ownership
which brings me to the question of how
how can we as Leaders institutionalize
this into the culture of a company or a
family be the
example you know we do this in our
business you know what's the scary thing
you're not
saying in the beginning of our team
meetings one of the main questions we
have is what's the scary thing that
you're not saying be the example show
that that conversation can be had
regularly without any defense or
punishment
that is the way to do it there's really
no other way to do it no words are going
to make a difference and if you get
defensive apologize which of course
brings up that there's there's the
procedural way where yeah I could
imagine a board meeting that starts with
say the scary thing that you're not
saying yeah but anytime somebody brings
something up it turns
into a crucifixion [__] show right and
and so so there's the there's the
procedural way to do this like adding a
question into meetings as procedure or
but there's also the the Deep work way
give people faith that they can speak
the quiet part out loud and that it will
ultimately lead through whatever
conflict arises to deeper connection and
yeah a better culture and better
Solutions that's right yeah a better
life for them if if it's not the culture
for them yes there's lots of tricks like
this example example would be the no
Doctrine which I believe we've spoken
about where instead of a CEO having an
idea or a leader having an idea and
trying to convince everybody of it they
have the idea they roll it out and then
they say tell me what speaks against it
and they look for every know that's
coming in and they refine their idea by
the
nose that is another great example of
how you say yeah speak to the thing that
is scary speak to the thing that is
contradictory and it's really really
really important and if you look at the
Aristotle project which was done by
Google about what makes functional teams
this is the one of the two most critical
things about having a really functioning
High Capa having a very functioning
high-capacity team is that one people
can say the contradictory thing they can
say the hard thing and the other one is
that everybody's voices heard that's
sitting around the table that doesn't
mean everybody gets an opinion it just
means that people who are actually
working on the project are all
contributing right which is very
different
than Bob over from Shipping comes in and
tells you how to build a product and
thinks that their voice is equal that's
not what I'm talking about and and the
Aristotle project is probably one of the
most
misunderstood like research results out
there because it often is taken to mean
oh teams that are safe which means we're
going to create safety which means we're
going to
stifle conflict which means we're going
to actually create a really unsafe team
right that that's people don't feel like
they can actually bring up conflict and
work through it right correct safety is
created by working through conflict
successfully safety is not created by
avoiding
conflict and that's right one of the
most misunderstood things is that I can
create a safe team by avoiding
conflict and that just does not
work it's about making that conflict
super productive and that is not
managing the other people it's keeping
an open heart it's acting from view it's
all those things I also like how the the
no doctrine that you just referenced you
know the the initial frame of the
elephant in the room conversation is
okay there's something that needs to be
said because
it's we're missing something but if you
stack that over a large period of
time a great product or a great team or
a great company
is is like built from it's sharpened by
the tusks of a million elephants over
the course of of a business or of a
family or of a relationship
and each one is another opportunity
to to
refine the the relationships the
interactions the ways that we process
information the ways that we make
decisions that's right and the other
piece is that each one of those
sharpening
moments you're risking something you're
risking a relationship you're risking
losing a a key employee you're
risking yeah having to go back and spend
an extra two weeks on a project there's
always a you're risking [__] up the
photo
shoot and
so taking that risk for
anybody is hard but it's a lot easier if
you see that risk taken and rewarded
over and over and over again yeah with
every Michelangelo risked
breaking risk destroying the statue of
David right if I got that right that was
the right person and that's how that's
how it is in a family too you know our
girls can come to us with anything as a
matter of fact uh unao was in the car
with me last night I was driving her
home and she said I'm going to be more
like Esme now her older sister I'm going
to tell you a whole bunch of stuff that
I don't want to tell you I'm like
okay spill the
tea which is it was about the age where
Esme started telling me stuff that she
didn't want to tell me so it's kind of
perfect um yeah it was and and that's
exactly how that trust is built she now
knows she can do those things with me
and I will I will love her and I will
not judge her and I will not try to
manage her well that sounds like a great
place to rap yeah it does yeah I enjoyed
this I always enjoy it BR I think we say
I think we wrap our our thing the whole
time always the same is that like we
have actually look at each other and say
that was fun I enjoyed it or some
version of that because it it feels good
every time and that's valid because
that's the metrics we track you know we
we track enjoyment so it's this is sort
of our like was this a five star meeting
like yes I I enjoyed this episode yeah
the interesting thing is I just realized
there's some lack of truth to this which
is I there are some that we don't enjoy
and then we don't publish them because
we think they
suck yeah so thanks I enjoyed this is
sort of our stamp of approval like this
one's got a chance of being released
yeah okay so let's switch it up a little
bit I'll do the ending stuff which is
follow us on Twitter Fu Joe Hudson and
Eric kler and art of a comp are all
Twitter accounts you can watch videos
you can watch this on YouTube you can
watch other videos rapid coaching on
YouTube uh rate US uh and say good
things about us in the comment share us
with friends if you want to have
somebody uh know about the elf in the
room and want want to create a culture
of sharing um the hard and difficult
things and getting through the elephants
in the room this is a great episode to
share yeah and if you know anyone who's
got a podcast or a newsletter or a TV
show that you'd like to see Joe or i on
uh reach out you can reach us on our
website or on our on our socials thanks
for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please share it with a
friend and remember to follow us and
rate US in your podcast app the art of
accomplishment was produced and hosted
by myself Brett kler and Joe Hudson mon
Kelly is our production coordinator this
episode was edited by on replay
[Music]